You're an awesome friend
You're a gift to those around you
You're a smart cookie
You are awesome!
You have impeccable manners
I like your style
You have the best laugh
I appreciate you
You are the most perfect you there is
You are enough
You're strong
Your perspective is refreshing
I'm grateful to know you
You light up the room
You deserve a hug right now
You should be proud of yourself
You're more helpful than you realize
You have a great sense of humor
You've got an awesome sense of humor!
You are really courageous
Your kindness is a balm to all who encounter it
You're all that and a super-size bag of chips
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're an 11
You are strong
You're even more beautiful on the inside than you are on the outside
You have the courage of your convictions
I'm inspired by you
You're like a ray of sunshine on a really dreary day
You are making a difference
Thank you for being there for me
You bring out the best in other people
Your ability to recall random factoids at just the right time is impressive
You’re a great listener
How is it that you always look great, even in sweatpants?
Everything would be better if more people were like you!
I bet you sweat glitter
You were cool way before hipsters were cool
That color is perfect on you
Hanging out with you is always a blast
You always know — and say — exactly what I need to hear when I need to hear it
You smell really good
You may dance like no one’s watching, but everyone’s watching because you’re an amazing dancer!
Being around you makes everything better!
When you’re not afraid to be yourself is when you’re most incredible
Colors seem brighter when you’re around
You’re more fun than a ball pit filled with candy. And seriously, what could be more fun than that?
That thing you don’t like about yourself is what makes you so interesting
You’re wonderful
Everyday is just BLAH when I don’t see you! 
Jokes are funnier when you tell them
You’re better than a triple-scoop ice cream cone. With sprinkles, of course!
Your hair looks stunning
You’re 42304923094x cooler than Taylor Swift
You’re one of a kind!
You’re inspiring
If you were a box of crayons, you’d be the giant name-brand one with the built-in sharpener
You should be thanked more often. So thank you!!
Our community is better because you’re in it
Someone is getting through something hard right now because you’ve got their back
You have the best ideas
You always know how to find that silver lining
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes, but you always get back up and keep going
You’re a candle in the darkness
You’re a great example to others
Being around you is like being on a happy little vacation
You always know just what to say
You’re always learning new things and trying to better yourself, which is awesome
You’re more fun than bubble wrap
When you make a mistake, you fix it
Who raised you? They deserve a medal for a job well done
You’re great at figuring stuff out
Your voice is magnificent
The people you love are lucky to have you in their lives
You’re like a breath of fresh air
You’re gorgeous — and that’s the least interesting thing about you, too
You’re so thoughtful
Your creative potential seems limitless
You’re the coolest person I know And I consider myself bet friends with like all celebrities, so   
You’re irresistible when you blush
Actions speak louder than words, and yours tell an incredible story
Somehow you make time stop and fly at the same time
When you make up your mind about something, nothing stands in your way
You seem to really know who you are
Any team would be lucky to have you on it
In high school I bet you were voted “most likely to keep being awesome”
I bet you do the crossword puzzle in ink
Babies and small animals probably love you
If you were a scented candle they’d call it Perfectly Imperfect (and it would smell like summer)
There’s ordinary, and then there’s you
You’re someone’s reason to smile
You’re even better than a unicorn, because you’re real
How do you keep being so funny and making everyone laugh?
You have a good head on your shoulders
Has anyone ever told you that you have great posture?
The way you treasure your loved ones is incredible
You’re really something special
You’re a gift to those around you
You are smart
You is smart you is kind
You are funny
You are kind
You are intelligent
You are willing
You are powerful
You are worthy of all the greatness this world has to offer
Has anyone told you how lucky the world is to have you?
You're more helpful than you realize
You bring out the best in other people
You are inspiring
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes; only people like you get back up again and keep going
In high school I bet you were voted "most likely to continue being awesome"
Nothing can stop you, and I really mean nothing!
You are an excellent friend
I am a better person because of you
I like the way you are
Rumor has it that you’re one of the coolest people ever!
Last I checked, the world needed brilliant people like you
You light my world on fire - that's the way I like it and I never get bored
You are a lovely human being
Your presence brings warmth on a cold day
You’re going to so successful in life, I just know it!
A wise person once said...wait, wait did you say again?
Shoutout to you! You’re awesome 
“You da you da best”
“Hey now, you’re an all star! Get your game on, go play!”
“Hey now, you’re a rock star! Get the show on, get paid!”
You are incredibly talented and deserving of all your blessings!
If you had a twin, I would still choose you.
You make me want to be a better person.
I hope you are proud of yourself, because I am!
You’re going to change the world one day!
You are one of the bravest people I know
That color looks perfect on you